hi I'm Jenny with another exciting video
bullet for you today from the prior
archives of Alicia Goodman the midnight
prior coach I'm about to share with you
one of Alicia's prized prayer bullets
and yes
Alicia's prayers are nicknamed bullets
because they're short lightning-fast and
explosively powerful and releasing
answers to your prayers sometimes in as
little as 10 days in this video series
you will discover many prior secrets
shared with members of the prior Academy
that produce extremely wonderful results
but first to the testimony of the day
today's testimony of the day comes from
senda we in Botswana I sent you an email
for guidance on how to become a
spiritual warrior your response was
prompt and you sent me a copy of your
passion prayer of Jesus Christ I've been
reading the book for three days now I
started the ester fast and midnight
prayers the next day two days ago
I am already seeing changes in my life I
had a serious spirit of anger and it is
now gone and replaced with the sweet
spirit of love and patience praise the
Lord
that's right praise the Lord now onwards
to today's prayer bullet every spirit of
the waster assigned against me go back
and waste your cinders in the name of
Jesus
every spirit of the waste are assigned
against me go back and waste your
cinders and the name of Jesus now if you
happen to know anyone you might be going
through struggles in their lives
especially with their marriage or
finances please forward this prayer to
them this is one of the ways to be your
brothers or sisters keeper and advise
them to pray with fire in their voice
and great faith in their hearts the Lord
will bless you as you do this for more
prayer bullets
please visit ww-what christianbook.com
forward slash more again that's ww1
christianbook.com forward slash more and
remember you are more than a conqueror
through Jesus Christ our Lord so go out
there today
armed with this prior bullet hold your
head high and be an overcomer make sure
to watch your inbox for another
life-changing video bullet presentation
tomorrow